Indonesian Translation for [PR-313] Update token page (#315)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: tutorials/hello-world.md

const { Application, genesisBlockDevnet, configDevnet } = require('lisk-sdk'); // require application class, the default genesis block and the default config for the application

configDevnet.app.label = 'helloWorld-blockchain-app'; // change the label of the app

> //configDevnet.components.storage.user = '<username>'; // In case you gave a different user than 'lisk' access to the database lisk_dev, you need to update the username in the config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
//configDevnet.components.storage.user = '<username>'; //  If you used a different name to the default lisk_dev, then update the username in the config
```

Reviewer 2: Hm, that might be confusing. `lisk_dev` is the default database name, but the username and password refer to the database user who has access rights to the database. The default values are `lisk` for the database user and `password` for the password.

Reviewer: Makes sense, I've adjusted just for a small amendment now.
